   Home Address:                                                 Net Address: 
   6670 Ivy Lane             Hubert Chen                      hubert@chen.net 
   San Jose, CA 95129                       http://www.chen.net/~hubt/resume/ 
   650.270.3008            

     ----------------------------------------------------------------------

     Objective:  A job in software development with increasing management     
                 responsibility utilizing a variety of technology skills      
                 including Java or C/C++, multi-tiered architecture,          
                 networking, and systems design and broadening into team      
                 building, project management, and business decision making.  
     Skills:     Languages Operating      Databases Networking Computing      
                           Systems                                            
                 Java      Linux          MySQL     TCP/IP     Operating      
                 Perl      Windows        JDBC      HTTP       Systems        
                 C/C++     Solaris        Oracle    SMTP       Data Security  
                 JSP                      MSSQL                OOP            
     Experience:   * Senior Systems Engineer: Shutterfly   Nov. 05-current    
                                                                              
                     Worked on internal monitoring systems. Provided systems  
                     capacity planning and performance evaluation for         
                     hundreds of systems. Worked on wiki based system         
                     metrics reporting platform using MySQL, Confluence, and  
                     Perl. Provided JIRA and Confluence support for hundreds  
                     of users, some custom JIRA and Confluence development    
                     work.                                                    
                                                                              
                   * Software Engineer: Become.com   May 04-Nov. 05           
                                                                              
                     Developed major portions of internet search engine.      
                     Developed large scale distributed crawling system using  
                     both Java and C++. Integrated different components in    
                     application server and developed part of presentation    
                     layer. Helped monitor and maintain uptime for 24x7       
                     operation. Performed many system administration tasks.   
                     Helped to institute source control and software          
                     development process. Rapidly learned information         
                     retrieval techniques and some machine learning.          
                     Implemented search engine keyword buying system.         
                                                                              
                   * Senior Software Engineer: Avasta (now owned by           
                     Navisite)   Sep. 02-Feb. 03                              
                                                                              
                     Developed and maintained Java based workflow engine.     
                     Ensured system scalability and redundancy by designing   
                     distributed processing and making code improvements      
                     through performance profiling. Integrated email          
                     capabilities into 3-tiered web based systems management  
                     server which provided 24x7 monitoring and notification.  
                                                                              
                   * Software Engineer: Blue Martini Software   Aug. 00-Jul.  
                     02                                                       
                                                                              
                     Developed core scalable, multi-tiered application        
                     server infrastructure in Java. Extensive programming on  
                     NT and Solaris with use of JSPs and JDBC connecting to   
                     Oracle and MSSQL server. eCRM Applications built on      
                     WebLogic application server also integrated with a       
                     variety of other systems including search engines,       
                     payment systems, data mining, other enterprise systems.  
                                                                              
                   * Senior Software Engineer: Cybersource   Sep. 97-Jun. 00  
                                                                              
                     Developed cryptographic and messaging protocols for      
                     electronic commerce. Worked heavily in CGI, Perl, Java   
                     and C. Designed and implemented networking code for      
                     Sm@rtcert product. Extensive UNIX, web, and network      
                     programming.                                             
                                                                              
                   * Consultant: Bluestone(now owned by HP)   Oct. 96-Feb.    
                     97                                                       
                                                                              
                     Developed Java applications and applets, for customers.  
                     Provided consulting for Internet applications.           
                     Recommended solutions for web applications. Worked on a  
                     large system which manages billing, scheduling, and      
                     ordering of commercials for cable, network TV, and       
                     radio. The three-tiered application was developed using  
                     the Dynasty Development Environment, C, and Oracle on    
                     Windows NT and UNIX. Techniques employed include object  
                     oriented design, use case methodology.                   
                                                                              
                   * Programmer: Big Hit Internet Communications   Feb.       
                     96-Sep. 96                                               
                                                                              
                     Managed Web sites on Macintosh and Unix. Developed       
                     custom Web applications for clients. Wrote CGI's and     
                     adminstrative scripts to manage Web servers. Integrated  
                     databases with the Web. Worked with clients to plan and  
                     implement Web sites. Organized and managed team to       
                     implement and maintain web sites. Gained familiarity     
                     with important Internet tools, including Java, Netscape  
                     Servers, and Perl.                                       
                                                                              
                   * Systems Officer: Citicorp   Aug. 94-Feb. 96              
                                                                              
                     Developed strategic technology plan for senior           
                     management. Plan included technology directions,         
                     systems development standards, and initiatives for       
                     process improvement. Performed evaluations of new        
                     technology including Dynasty, Lotus Notes, Windows NT,   
                     and Internet related technology. Designed a large        
                     client/server financial application using C++ with       
                     Windows, HP-UX, and an Oracle database. Developed        
                     prototype business application using Dynasty to create   
                     a three-tiered application using Microsoft Windows,      
                     HP-UX, and Sybase.                                       
     Education:    * University: University of Michigan  Ann Arbor, MI        
                     Concentration: B.S. in Computer Science, May 1994        
